# Guild-Systems 

Hi, I'm Nazox, here I will post the guild systems, there are quite a few things I want to re trace.
1- I am not the author or creator of the systems, I simply compiled the incomplete systems from various bases and finished coding, fixing, testing etc. I am not a dev nor do I have a lot of knowledge but I have been able to learn quite a bit working on this, so the code may not be very “clean”, it also keeps a lot of original code, as I mentioned, I have simply fixed or added the things that were missing.
2-I don't know who owns the systems, as I mentioned in the post, if anyone knows, I will talk to him and remove this, but not finding him, I will keep updating this, as said in the post, this is totally free and I don't plan to get any money out of it, it is simply an update in which you guys can fix, adapt, correct etc but I provide the basics.
3-I should note that I have tested this on a clean base like TMP4, also note that I use Mali's system to translate the locale_strings of the sentences (e.g; [LS;10]) and last but not least, it has not been tested with players, I have simply tested it with 10-15 accounts on my local server.
4-It is a complex (for me) and long system, so you will see that many times we return to the same files and replace functions that we had already added elsewhere, to expand the system, as I have based on using a general macro to cover all systems.

Everything will be explained in the best possible way, and individually, so that you do not have to add a large amount of code in a single system, so it will be “divided”. Remember that if I add a lot of code, it is so that you have a reference to look for the functions, and you know more or less how to place them, especially in the parts that I mention “replace” you simply have to replace the #ifdef ENABLE_XXX
At the moment I am a little busy, but I will try to be updating everything, contributing things that I have forgotten and to try to help you with the problems that you arise, but I remember that simply it is a free “release” and that I am not expert in c++, reason why perhaps you have some different problems to me if you work with a different or modified base.
Not to mention, make a backup of absolutely everything, having said that, good luck.
